#summary README
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

iPhoneDisk is a MacFUSE filesystem plugin that allows you to read and write files on your iPhone.  It uses the MobileDevice library (like iTunes) to access the filesystem of the iPhone over a USB cable.  iPhoenDisk runs on Mac OS X, and has been tested on 10.4.10.

= Requirements =

You must have MacFUSE installed before running iPhoneDisk.  See [http://macfuse.googlecode.com] for install instructions.

= Installation =

Download the latest version of iPhoneDisk on the [http://code.google.com/p/iphonedisk/downloads/list Downloads] page.  One downloaded and extracted from the .zip file, you can simply double click the iPhoneDisk icon to start it (you should see a new icon in your status bar).  Next, connect your iPhone via the USB cable using the same process you would use to sync with iTunes.  You should now see the Media Partition of your iPhone mounted on your desktop.

= Media partition =

With an unmodified iPhone, the _com.apple.afc_ service on the iPhone will only give you access to the *Media* parititon (/var/root).  This partition is read/write and sufficient to InstallRingTones, use the hard disk for storage, and poke around in the library

= Root partition =

Most "jailbreak" programs (or manual instructions) will set up a second afc service labeled _com.apple.afc2_ with full access to the *Root* partition (/).  There are many documents about [http://www.google.com/search?q=iphone+jailbreak iphone jailbreak], but here are some links below that might be helpful.

  * [http://www.macenstein.com/ifuntastic3mirror/iFuntastic_3.0.3.zip iFuntastic 3.0.3] (easy mode)
  * [http://iphone.fiveforty.net/wiki/index.php/How_to_Escape_Jail Jailbreak tutorial with iPHUC] (hard mode)